Readme.md, before:

# Dette prosjektet er siste innlevering i faget DATA1200 - Høsten 2022.

[The website can be shown here:](/frontpage.html)

## Prosjektet ble laget av gruppe med nummer 4242. 
Målet med nettsiden er å oppfylle kravene skrevet under og generelt lage en fin og skalerbar
nettside som tar hensyn til tilgjengelighet.

## Oppgavebeskrivelse:

### Description:
• Final assignment: A full website with several pages.

• Theme: A house for events with a cafe/ restaurant.

o Common theme for the site: We may take bookings for renting the space for parties, small
wedding receptions and so on. We have a cafe that is open most days as well.

• The design / the graphic identity: The website should have a graphic profile which is easy to
recognize on all pages. Most of the pages should be highly similar and may be identical; one page
may be visually different.

• Language: All text should be in English or a Scandinavian language, including Sami but not Finnish.

• Images: Please add photos. You may copy and paste images from the web that are copy-right free
(but add an image text that tells us the photographer & site it is from), use your own images, stills
from The Sims, or similar. But to show off your skills, there should be photos.

### We expect the following pages:
1. Welcome page:
Index.html should be a general information page that helps the visitor understand what this site is
about and navigate to the other pages. It may be short and simple.
2. Booking page: reservations and information about the place:
A short text that explains what the place is about, how big it is, how many people may be seated
there, where in the city it is located, and how to make a reservation. Please have some text that is
the typical sales pitch about how nice the place is, how perfect it is for a party, etc. The content is
not important, but the use of headings, emphasis, and scalability (desktop & mobile) are! Important
information mentioned in the first sentence here should be easy to find.
3. The café & menu page:
Reuse your first assignment, just make the code very much better!
4. Accessibility page:
A very short text (max 500 words) about how you tested the code for accessibility using an
automated test. How you checked, and coding choices you made for universal design beyond what
an automated test could tell you. You are welcome to use screenshots from the testing site and of
your code. We shall read this text! While the content of your site is but a minor part of the assessment, this is
the text that we are certain to read.
5. Topical page: Technology and society — may be visually different
• Copy a short text (anywhere from 300 to 1000 words) from DATA1100 "DATA1100
Technology and Society for Programmers" or other subjects. (Or write a new, short text.)
• Add images (if there are none). Remember that in Norwegian copyright law, the name of
the photographer must always be included. (May be organisation, e.g.,"Scanpix").
• Add headings (if there are none).
• Add links (if there are none). This text should have multiple links to external sites with
relevant information. We shall not grade you on how relevant the information you link to is,
but we expect several links, and we expect it to be easy to understand before clicking what
information you lead us to.
• If you wish to show off some skills, but found that difficult with the other pages, you can
make this page different from the others, with a distinct visual of functional identity.

Commit message:

Readme frontpage link text fix

Readme.md, after:

# Dette prosjektet er siste innlevering i faget DATA1200 - Høsten 2022.

[Click here to view the frontpage of our website](/frontpage.html)

## Prosjektet ble laget av gruppe med nummer 4242. 
Målet med nettsiden er å oppfylle kravene skrevet under og generelt lage en fin og skalerbar
nettside som tar hensyn til tilgjengelighet.

## Oppgavebeskrivelse:

### Description:
• Final assignment: A full website with several pages.

• Theme: A house for events with a cafe/ restaurant.

o Common theme for the site: We may take bookings for renting the space for parties, small
wedding receptions and so on. We have a cafe that is open most days as well.

• The design / the graphic identity: The website should have a graphic profile which is easy to
recognize on all pages. Most of the pages should be highly similar and may be identical; one page
may be visually different.

• Language: All text should be in English or a Scandinavian language, including Sami but not Finnish.

• Images: Please add photos. You may copy and paste images from the web that are copy-right free
(but add an image text that tells us the photographer & site it is from), use your own images, stills
from The Sims, or similar. But to show off your skills, there should be photos.

### We expect the following pages:
1. Welcome page:
Index.html should be a general information page that helps the visitor understand what this site is
about and navigate to the other pages. It may be short and simple.
2. Booking page: reservations and information about the place:
A short text that explains what the place is about, how big it is, how many people may be seated
there, where in the city it is located, and how to make a reservation. Please have some text that is
the typical sales pitch about how nice the place is, how perfect it is for a party, etc. The content is
not important, but the use of headings, emphasis, and scalability (desktop & mobile) are! Important
information mentioned in the first sentence here should be easy to find.
3. The café & menu page:
Reuse your first assignment, just make the code very much better!
4. Accessibility page:
A very short text (max 500 words) about how you tested the code for accessibility using an
automated test. How you checked, and coding choices you made for universal design beyond what
an automated test could tell you. You are welcome to use screenshots from the testing site and of
your code. We shall read this text! While the content of your site is but a minor part of the assessment, this is
the text that we are certain to read.
5. Topical page: Technology and society — may be visually different
• Copy a short text (anywhere from 300 to 1000 words) from DATA1100 "DATA1100
Technology and Society for Programmers" or other subjects. (Or write a new, short text.)
• Add images (if there are none). Remember that in Norwegian copyright law, the name of
the photographer must always be included. (May be organisation, e.g.,"Scanpix").
• Add headings (if there are none).
• Add links (if there are none). This text should have multiple links to external sites with
relevant information. We shall not grade you on how relevant the information you link to is,
but we expect several links, and we expect it to be easy to understand before clicking what
information you lead us to.
• If you wish to show off some skills, but found that difficult with the other pages, you can
make this page different from the others, with a distinct visual of functional identity.
